README.md, before:

# USB TC-08 Thermocouple Data Logger MATLAB Examples

picosdk-usbtc08-matlab-examples is a MATLAB example demonstrating how to call shared library functions to acquire data from the 
USB TC-08 Thermcouple Data Logger. 

The example is provided as a MATLAB script.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

* [MATLAB](https://uk.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html) for Microsoft Windows (32- or 64-bit) or Linux operating systems (64-bit).

**Notes:**

* MATLAB 2015b is recommended for 32-bit versions of MATLAB on Microsoft Windows operating systems.

### Installing drivers

Drivers are available for the following platforms. Refer to the subsections below for further information.

#### Windows

* Download the PicoSDK (32-bit or 64-bit) driver package installer from our [Downloads page](https://www.picotech.com/downloads).

#### Linux

* Follow the instructions from our [Linux Software & Drivers for Oscilloscopes and Data Loggers page](https://www.picotech.com/downloads/linux) to install the required `libusbtc08` driver package.

### Programmer's Guides

You can download the Programmer's Guide providing a description of the API functions for the usbtc08 driver from our [website](https://www.picotech.com/library/documentation).

## Obtaining support

Please visit our [Support page](https://www.picotech.com/tech-support) to contact us directly or visit our [Test and Measurement Forum](https://www.picotech.com/support/forum71.html) to post questions.

Issues can be reported via the [Issues tab](https://github.com/picotech/picosdk-usbtc08-matlab-examples/issues).

## Copyright and licensing

picosdk-usbtc08-matlab-examples is Copyright (C) 2014 - 2017 Pico Technology Ltd. All rights reserved. See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for license terms. 

*PicoScope* is a registered trademark of Pico Technology Ltd. 

*MATLAB* is a registered trademark of The Mathworks, Inc.

*Windows* is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation. 

*Linux* is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please refer to our [guidelines for contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for further information.

Commit message:

Updated copyright statement, added install instructions

README.md, after:

# USB TC-08 Thermocouple Data Logger MATLAB Examples

picosdk-usbtc08-matlab-examples is a MATLAB example demonstrating how to call shared library functions to acquire data from the 
USB TC-08 Thermcouple Data Logger. 

The example is provided as a MATLAB script.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

* [MATLAB](https://uk.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html) for Microsoft Windows (32- or 64-bit) or Linux operating systems (64-bit).

**Notes:**

* MATLAB 2015b is recommended for 32-bit versions of MATLAB on Microsoft Windows operating systems.

### Installing the examples

We recommend using the [Add-Ons Explorer](https://uk.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_env/get-add-ons.html) in MATLAB in order to install these files and obtain updates.

If your version of MATLAB does not have the Add-Ons Explorer, download the zip file from the [MATLAB Central File Exchange page](https://uk.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/63006-usb-tc-08-thermocouple-data-logger-matlab-example)
 and add the root and sub-folders to the MATLAB path.

### Installing drivers

Drivers are available for the following platforms. Refer to the subsections below for further information.

#### Windows

* Download the PicoSDK (32-bit or 64-bit) driver package installer from our [Downloads page](https://www.picotech.com/downloads).

#### Linux

* Follow the instructions from our [Linux Software & Drivers for Oscilloscopes and Data Loggers page](https://www.picotech.com/downloads/linux) to install the required `libusbtc08` driver package.

### Programmer's Guides

You can download the Programmer's Guide providing a description of the API functions for the usbtc08 driver from our [website](https://www.picotech.com/library/documentation).

## Obtaining support

Please visit our [Support page](https://www.picotech.com/tech-support) to contact us directly or visit our [Test and Measurement Forum](https://www.picotech.com/support/forum71.html) to post questions.

Issues can be reported via the [Issues tab](https://github.com/picotech/picosdk-usbtc08-matlab-examples/issues).

Please leave a comment and rating for this submission on our [MATLAB Central File Exchange page](https://uk.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/63006-usb-tc-08-thermocouple-data-logger-matlab-example).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Please refer to our [guidelines for contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for further information.

## Copyright and licensing

See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for license terms. 

*PicoScope* is a registered trademark of Pico Technology Ltd. 

*MATLAB* is a registered trademark of The Mathworks, Inc.

*Windows* is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation. 

*Linux* is the registered trademark of Linus Torvalds in the U.S. and other countries.

Copyright © 2014-2017 Pico Technology Ltd. All rights reserved.
